Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
THE PHARMACY
RESTAURANT - WINE BISTRO
Do you remember how
it felt when your heart fluttered?
Do you remember
when you didn't have to talk
because with your eyes.
you both understood?
Do you remember the warmth of the embrace?
Do you remember
the voice. the gentle whisper?
Do you remember the goosebumps
every time you kissed?
The heat of touch.
the laughter. the fun times?
I remember.
I remember the way you smile.
At last. you're here.
At last. this isn't the last.
Hi. miss. What are you having?
- One coffee. please.
- Right away.
5 p.m.. right on time.
At last. we meet again.
At last.
I still love you.
Now. I can return
all the love you gave me.
That's no longer what I need.
Maybe it's better
if we accept
that we aren't meant for each other.
She is the only one for me.
But by the time I was arriving...
she was leaving.
STARS OF PARIS
Let's start.
NOTHING LIKE PARIS
Let's start at when
fate brought us together.
For you.
It's always the same.
Hello. my dear friend! Hey!
Here's my handsome and hot friend. Jojo!
Thank you very much.
Vincent. come on.
Come on. Let's go home.
Get your jacket. Come on.
What ? But no. but...
- Thank you!
- No...
Come on.
Let's go home.
Yeah. yeah.
We're going home.
We're here. We're here. Vincent.
Go inside. Go inside.
- Go.
- Okay.
Careful!
Hey. How do you do that?
Do what?
How do you move on from
one girl to another one right away?
What you do too. pare.
Pare. mine is different.
I have many girls that I never love.
You know.
Your depressed old man
needs some company sometimes.
It's a need.
It's not love.
It's been four years. pare.
Move on. Forget her.
How can I move on when my heart
belongs to the one who broke it?
Look at me.
All of these memories come back to me.
But...
But she never does.
You're too drunk. pare.
Always. always.
Better to be drunk
than you. who has been
waiting for someone who is unreal.
That's not true.
It's really good.
It's nice.
Oh yeah.
It smells of coffee.
Oh. I want one now. Please. babe.
Thank you so much.
Here you go.
Thank you.
She's so pretty.
Who are you really?
Mary.
Okay.
I'm Jojo.
Who are you?
Mary.
That's me.
You should know. Marinel.
she looks nothing like you.
- That's not you.
- Mary.
You got some nerve.
Listen. Maribeth.
it's not you.
Look closely.
It's a spitting image.
See?
Let me tell you. Mary Grace.
Don't be delusional. That's not you.
My name is Mary.
If this isn't me. then. who is it?
Jojo. How much for a portrait?
The store is closed.
Next time?
There is no next time. Marie.
Give me that.
Mister grumpy.
I'm not asking for a freebie.
I have money.
Keep it. Take care. Maricris.
Mary.
What's wrong?
You know this girl...
You and your girls again.
No. no. no.
This girl. Marie.
So. tell me about this Marie.
She is...
Oh. nothing.
Nothing?
It can't be nothing.
I know something is wrong.
Come on. You can tell me.
I don't know her.
but she said she's
the woman in the painting.
Is she?
No.
Do they look similar?
A little.
No. I mean. yes.
No. Big no.
Maybe that's her.
No. Impossible. No way.
Then. tell me. Where's your muse?
Where's the woman
you've been painting all along?
I don't know.
Then. how do you know it's not her?
It's the feeling. Vincent.
I'll know when I meet her.
My muse.
You're sick in your mind.
Crazy as we all are.
You need a drink.
We are completely...
We're all crazy.
We are pissed.
Mary Grace?
Marie Jo?
Maribeth?
Marites?
Marisol?
Marie?
Marie.
I've decided it can't be.
It's not you.
You can't be the woman I'm painting.
Check out the cat's
eye makeup I did on her!
Looks more like an alley cat!
I can feel good luck coming.
You'll meet your special someone tonight.
This way.
Let's see if these
alley cat eyes will work.
Let's go!
Your witchcraft better be powerful. Jenny.
Jesus!
One. two. three!
- What I'm telling you here.
- Oh. there it is!
HOSTEL
BLUE BOAR
- It's been ages since I went to a club.
- An age of one year?
I forgot to buy cigarettes.
You can worry about that later.
- Girl. I'm dying for a smoke.
- I'll get them.
I'm buying other stuff anyway.
Hi there.
How's it going?
Where are your drinks?
- Over there.
- I see them. Thank you.
- Excuse me.
- Sorry.
- My neighbor. three packs of M Lights.
- Three packs of M Lights.
Are you following me?
Of course not.
Yeah. right.
It's amazing. right?
Like fate brought us together again.
You mean coincidence.
So. why are you following me?
I'm not following you.
I bought some stuff.
then I'm walking to that bar.
You smoke too much.
These aren't mine.
I bought it for my friends.
You're the one who smokes too much.
I bought these for someone. too.
Why the interrogation?
Are you my girlfriend?
Only girlfriends can ask questions?
And why are you headed in my direction?
Why not?
Do you own this road?
This is the way to my apartment. see?
Why are you so grumpy?
Marie. please.
Don't follow me.
I'm not ready.
Nice to see you.
Bye.
There you are again.
Fate keeps bringing us together.
Maybe...
it isn't so bad if I let you into my life.
And then...
Put some white on the face
and a heart shape on the lips.
There. Nice.
- Perfect.
- Done? Let me see.
Take a look.
I didn't know this would be so hard to do.
Yeah. you get used to it.
So. what got into your head
when you suddenly appeared and joined me?
Nothing. I got amused
watching you perform in front of a crowd
like you had no care in the world.
I thought. "What the heck.
I want to be part of that."
- Thank you for letting me.
- I didn't exactly let you.
You suddenly appeared.
But I helped your act. right?
Stay right there.
I'll get you something.
It's ready.
Here.
- Thank you.
- Taste it.
I'll get one for me.
Benguet or Atok?
Atok.
Hey. you're smart.
How did you know that?
I'm from Baguio.
For real? I'm from Baguio too.
Well. originally from Pangasinan.
but I went to school in Baguio.
This drink. it was given to me
by a fellow Filipino.
They saw me perform. Something like that.
But it's awesome
that you're also from Baguio.
Small world. right?
Where did you learn to mime?
Did you take classes?
I mean. theater. whatever.
No. I'm not a professional. okay?
You taught me in college.
Huh?
Mary.
Your classmate in high school.
then we met again in college.
and then...
You used to help out
in my family's pares shop.
Oh. shucks.
Right. Sorry.
I remember. Forgive me.
I've become forgetful nowadays.
There are many things I don't remember.
especially if they're not important.
But you remember. right?
Of course!
Classmates.
Pares shop...
Never mind. it's not important.
What's important is
we saw each other again.
Yeah. What a small world.
A reunion in Paris. of all places!
How did you end up here anyway?
Have you been here long?
Three months now.
but my visa is good for two years.
So. I do cleaning. tidying.
slave work. odd jobs. And you?
I've been here four years.
A friend who's also an artist took me in.
I decided to take my chances
in a faraway land.
Just for a change.
Do you have a wife?
Wow. that was fast.
You're already asking me that?
No wife.
Girlfriend?
Nope.
- Any snag?
- What's that?
Maybe you're somebody's
secret lover or something.
Hell. no.
That's good.
Why are you asking?
Because...
Because what?
I like you.
- Oh no! Are you okay?
- Ouch!
Are you okay?
Are you okay in the head?
I only said I like you.
I didn't say love me right away.
Did you know? Somebody told me
we only really love
three people in our lives.
Have you found those three people?
- Not yet.
- That's good.
Why is that good?
It means I have three chances with you.
You're looking at the first one now.
Too slow!
Stop.
You sure you're good?
Yeah. it's just a skip away.
Do you want me to take you to your house?
Whoa. I should be the one to do that.
- I can do it.
- I'm fine. mademoiselle.
Marie.
do you want to partner up next time?
Oh.
It's up to you if you want me to.
Absolutely.
You're kind of cool to be with.
Cool.
It's the same.
-"It's the same"?
- Nice.
Cool.
- Cool?
- Nice.
It's the same? Cool?
I can't explain it.
Why is it like that?
Everything felt so sudden.
Things happened suddenly.
All of a sudden. you were in my life.
I wish it were true
that you and I are meant for each other.
Where are we rushing to?
We haven't even changed.
You'll see.
What time is it?
- It says 4:55.
- Perfect.
Come on.
Come on!
What?
There. It's almost five.
- Let's do it.
- What do we do?
Let's make a wish. We'll close our eyes.
Close them? Okay.
- At the same time.
- Okay.
If she finishes her wish before me.
then. she is the one for me.
You done?
Yup.
What did you wish for?
- You.
- Huh?
I mean. you finished making your wish too?
Let's eat. You're paying.
Let's go.
- That was my wish.
- Really?
That you feed me because I'm hungry.
Cheapskate.
So. there I was. under the sundial.
passing time. doing some thinking
about what I should be doing.
I happened to look up.
I saw the clock.
Have you heard of Salvador Dali?
I think he was my classmate
in high school.
How can Salvador Dali be your classmate?
He was a famous painter.
They have the same name!
So. what's your favorite painting
by Salvador Dali?
Persistence of Memory.
The one with the melting clocks.
Wow. that's deep.
What's so funny?
Nothing. really.
Dali's inspiration
was melting Camembert cheese
- under the sun.
- Wow.
- Is that true?
- Yes.
Well. for me. it has a different meaning.
Time.
Past memories.
Slowly melting.
Slowly vanishing.
It's about feelings.
Hard to explain.
Aren't all paintings like that?
Different interpretations can arise
based on the feelings of the beholder.
Nice!
Sorry. you're rubbing off on me.
- I want to ask you something.
- What is it?
Have you tried a French kiss?
Not yet. Only french fries.
You want to try?
Do you?
Well? Am I making you blush?
You're not making me blush!
I need to pee.
Wow.
These are beautiful.
That side is Vincent's.
Those are his artworks.
And then.
on this side. mine.
- You comfy?
- Yeah. I'll look around.
Make yourself at home.
I have wine.
- There's only red. Is that okay?
- Fine by me.
Alright.
Everything's okay?
Maybe if you move faster.
This is for you.
This is for me.
Okay.
- Cheers.
- Hey!
- Ouch!
- What was that?
- Your electricity shocked me.
I almost spilled my wine.
I know. We really have a spark.
What are you talking about. Marie?
You haven't finished your glass of wine
and you're already drunk?
Why won't you believe me?
Don't you like me?
Marie. it's not that.
You have the looks...
but not stunning.
It will do.
But seriously. Marie.
you're alright.
I like you.
Really? You like me?
Isn't it obvious?
Would I string you along
if I didn't like you?
What about you?
What attracted you to me
aside from my looks?
Just that.
You're always cheerful.
fun to be with.
I know that already.
You're the kind of guy who would
risk everything for what he wants.
When you want something. you go for it.
No hesitations.
As if it's a game of chance.
Is that what it's called?
You'd bet everything.
no matter the outcome.
So. you're into gamblers.
I'm serious!
All I'm saying is we should risk
when there's a chance.
- Huh?
- Jojo. you still don't get it?
We were classmates in high school.
then we met again
during college in Baguio.
and now. we meet again in Paris.
What does it all mean? It's a sign.
A sign that fate wanted us to meet.
that there's a plan for us.
And that's why we should
take a chance at each other.
Wow.
But we do have a spark!
Spark?
Yeah. Here. Try it again.
- What?
- This.
- Like what happened?
- Yes.
Do you believe in soulmates?
I used to.
Now. I'm not so sure.
- Why?
- You're my soulmate.
How can you say that?
I just feel it.
Because we're a perfect fit.
That's how soulmates are.
Even if we didn't fit
so much in the beginning.
suddenly. we did.
Even if it's only been
three months together.
I'm never letting you go.
Who knows where you might wander off.
Marie.
There is no us.
You know. Jojo.
that's where we're headed.
Don't resist. It's the same.
- Atiklaham.
- Atiklaham?
When you say it backwards.
it's "mahal kita".
If you're not ready to profess.
you can just say "atiklaham".
Marie.
I don't want to ruin what we have now.
And my head is a mess.
I keep changing what I want.
You were the one who said
that there is no us yet.
So. don't worry about it
until we get there.
- Fine.
- For real?
Atiklaham. You paddle.
Two baguettes and pain de campagne.
Pain de campgane.
10 euros. please.
Thank you so much.
Hurry up.
I don't want my boss
to get there before me.
Marie! Wait for me!
Always.
I will always wait for you.
Wow. so dramatic.
Move it!
Move in?
But we just met!
What the heck?
Let's go.
You say the silliest things.
One day. you'll see.
That's what skipping meals does to you.
Come on.
We're here.
I'm ready now. Marie.
But the truth is.
I'm still scared.
Jojo. stop that.
Let's clean this up.
Hi. Louie.
Hi. Marie. How are you?
Yeah. I'm good.
Mamou. I want you to meet Jojo.
Remember I told you I'll bring him here.
Yes. of course.
Nice to meet you. Jojo.
Hi. madame. Hi. sir.
Look. they've prepared us some snacks.
He loves chocolate.
But the doctor says you should cut
your sugar intake. okay?
So. one chocolate is enough for the week.
I know you love chocolates.
So. you choose. my love. Chocolates or me?
Oh. my love.
You are really sweet.
You are really sweet. my love.
I'll let you have some.
Here.
This is for you.
You are really sweet.
What a beautiful couple. you two.
Yeah.
I didn't know you had a boyfriend.
It's...
No. we're friends.
Yes. we're just friends.
For now.
We'll never know tomorrow.
Hold on a second.
What are we doing in a cemetery?
We're making a wish.
Hurry. it's almost 5 p.m.
This one.
Why is that thing naked? My eyes!
That's the way it is.
Come here.
What is that for?
It's part of the wish.
Huh?
Oh no. Glances like that are my weakness.
They say you make a wish when
you have pain or disappointments.
You make a wish to make them go away.
That's what we're going to do.
Do we need this thing?
They say it makes it more effective.
Come on. Let's make a wish here.
- Where?
- Just here.
Close your eyes.
I wish you were the one.
You done?
- You done with your wish?
- Yeah. I made a wish.
Okay. take that off.
Then. you shake it off.
Huh?
Because when you shake it off like that.
all the pain you wished away will vanish.
There. Shake it off.
Harder! Pain. pain. go. Then. dance.
What?
- Do it so the pain will disappear.
- Why?
Pain. pain. go away.
Throw away all the bad feelings. Dance!
I don't need any more wishes.
You're here. Marie.
Hey. don't leave me behind.
Look. an Asian section.
Oh! Sorry.
What happened?
I saw this song.
What song?
That's Rey Valera. He's my favorite.
This is my favorite song.
"No Exchange".
And even if the time doesn't come
That you learn to love me back
Trust that I will not be mad
Even if it hurts me bad
Just do not stop me
From loving you
Give it to me. I'll pay for it.
You're buying it now?
On our wedding.
we'll play this.
You're powerful.
There we go.
Atiklaham.
Marie.
What's up?
What is it?
I love you.
Thank heavens.
Fate has given me what is mine.
But why doesn't it feel right?
Why do I feel like something's missing?
I finally met the person
who makes me happy.
But why isn't it enough?
My friend!
Why did fate have to bring us together?
It's not you?
You're not the one I'm looking for?
I don't know anymore.
Surprise!
Surprise?
I'm here!
Vincent said he wasn't going home.
He's sleeping over at a friend's.
That's why I'm here.
I made some burgers.
They're my specialty. Try it.
Wait.
Let's eat.
Hold on. I have some beer.
Goes well with the burgers.
Oh. I also have some fried potatoes.
I know that's your specialty.
So. they're just store-bought.
Let me get them.
Game?
- What's wrong?
- Tastes good?
- Good.
- Hey.
Today is our six-month anniversary.
Happy anniversary.
I know you're not fond
of dates and anniversaries.
I'm just so happy
we made it to six months.
For real?
I know.
You're not the type
who counts the days or months.
You don't even remember my birthday.
You don't remember a lot of things.
But that's okay.
Even I don't get it.
Maybe I'm just wired this way.
But if you truly love someone.
shouldn't you be able to remember
the important stuff?
But it's fine because I know
that's how you are.
We're fine.
Maybe we're not.
What do you mean. we're not?
Maybe we're not meant for each other.
What are you talking about?
I can't give you what you want.
It's not your fault.
I'm the problem. Marie.
I told you my head's a mess.
I don't even know why I act this way.
Deep inside. you know what you want.
you just don't want to
trust what you feel.
I thought we had it different this time.
I thought so. too.
I was true to you.
Whatever we had. it was genuine.
So. that's it?
You're just going to
forget everything? Us?
I don't want to lie to you.
That would hurt you even more.
This is so unfair.
What have I done wrong?
I can't figure it out.
Maybe there's something I'm searching for.
Okay.
But for now. I just want to be alone.
You're sure that's what you want?
But I don't want to lose you as a friend.
I don't want to be just a friend.
Marie. Marie. wait!
Marie.
Do you still love me?
I hope you find the one for you.
Marie.
Mary.
But I became Marie for you. Joseph.
I took a chance
that maybe you'll love me again.
When. Joseph?
When will you remember
how our story began?
Let's go to the start.
when fate toyed with our lives.
- Coming.
- Ma'am.
- Can we have soda too?
- Some chili as well.
- Two. please.
- Ma'am.
- What's your order?
- One pares.
- Can we have soup?
- Beef stew?
- Mary! Mary! Mary!
- Thank you. Thank you.
Hurry up. Help me here.
- Here you go.
- Two. please.
Here. two bowls of soup.
One soda. please.
Okay.
Miss. Soda.
Here you go.
Who are you?
Why do you suddenly pop into my life?
- Joseph?
- Mary?
Hey!
- How are you doing?
- No. you go ahead
- No. no. you go ahead.
- No. you go ahead.
- How are you?
I came from Manila.
I'm here. in Baguio. to study.
University of the Philippines
or University of Baguio?
University of the Philippines.
How about you?
Baguio State University.
That's great!
- Final year?
- Yeah. I'm in my final year.
I'm graduating this year.
- Ah.
- You?
I have two years to go. Transferee.
What happened to you?
You suddenly disappeared
after high school.
We moved to Manila.
Now. I'm back in Baguio.
I almost didn't recognize you.
Your hair's different.
and then. you have that mustache.
I'm handsome. right?
You know. when poverty hits...
- Puberty hits?
- It's the same.
It's so nice to see you again.
Dammit. Maria!
What now. Mary?
You're just going to chat
with customers all day?
- No. Auntie.
- Get to work.
- Do you need a straw?
- No. Mary. It's okay.
Here's my payment.
I'll come back.
Alright.
Mary!
Hey. Joseph.
What are you doing here?
Just taking a breeze.
I didn't know I was
going to bump into you here.
Kidding.
I was waiting for you.
I got your schedule
from your snooty auntie.
And she gave it to you?
I have my ways.
I ate a week's worth of pares
before she gave me your schedule.
So. why are you waiting for me?
Because I was wondering if you
would go out with me to Ili-Likha.
I think I've had enough pares.
- But--
- No more buts. My treat.
Move it.
- It's drizzling.
- No big deal.
Careful.
- Need help?
- I'm fine. Thank you.
Okay.
- Mary.
- Yes?
What do you feel like eating?
Burger and fruit shake.
Why? What's so funny?
That's also what I was thinking.
Burger and fruit shake.
Let's go?
Mary. thank you
for going on a date with me.
Date?
Friendly date!
Stop making assumptions so easily.
Really. now.
Friendly date with naughty intentions.
You're a piece of work.
You think you're cute?
Cute and funny.
- Come on.
- Where are you going?
- This way.
- Not that way!
- Where?
- Yes. that's the way.
Annoying.
LITTLE HAPPINESS
What?
Are you not going to eat?
Are you not going to talk?
Are you just going to keep staring at me?
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
I'm out on a date without my knowledge.
I'm informing you now.
So. it's not a date?
No. not exactly.
Let's just say we're
getting to know each other.
Catching up.
Catching up?
But we already know each other.
You used to tease me in high school.
- That's not true.
- Not true?
You called me dark-skinned.
I meant natural Filipina beauty.
You also said I was skinny.
Don't you like being modelesque?
You even had a name for me.
What was that? Escrima Stick.
I was just trying to get your attention.
You were a bully.
I wasn't.
Because?
Because...
I had a crush on you.
Brain freeze?
You're giving me a headache.
I knew it.
Even then. you had a crush on me.
Is my drink causing amnesia?
Because I don't remember
anything like that.
By the way. Mary.
I was wondering if you can
help me with my school project.
I need someone to model for my painting.
I thought of you. Are you available?
All this crush talk.
you just need something from me.
It's not like that.
I've wanted to paint you
for the longest time.
Because your beauty is one of a kind.
The kind you don't get tired of.
There's a name for it.
Classic. That's it.
Morena! Very Filipina.
Okay. hear me out.
I'll treat you to some snacks.
Just snacks?
What if I help you and your aunt
in your pares place? Deal?
Cakes. nuts. popcorn! Yes. sir?
Pares for you. Yes. ma'am?
You two get together
so you can get a pair of pares.
Your boyfriend's good.
- Auntie...
- A catch.
He's not my boyfriend.
That's where you're heading anyway.
Why would he work so hard
if he didn't like you?
What are your plans after college?
Maybe I'll go to Paris.
- Paris?
- Yeah. Oops. Sorry.
- Hey. are you okay?
- I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
- No worries. Mary. No worries.
Smile.
You said you were going to paint me.
But you just keep on taking photos.
I need a basis.
That's why.
Catch me.
Faster.
- You're so annoying.
- There's a shortcut right there.
"Born a star. lived a meteor.
died in flames."
That must be something.
To me. you're my star.
Wow. that's something. too.
Hurry. Catch me.
- Chase me!
- Are you trying to kill me?
I didn't realize you were also
in the theater club in high school.
Maybe you just didn't notice me
back then because I looked like a gnome.
Is that why?
Why? What do you look like now?
A gecko.
At least you know.
"Born humbly. died sometime."
- Died.
- I know. That was a joke.
I don't get it.
You don't?
Me too.
You make good coffee. This is delicious.
I learned that from friends
here and there.
Sometimes you'll make bitter coffee.
Sometimes. too light.
But you just keep on trying until the end.
Because it feels good
when you get what you want.
Because you strived for it.
Wow. all those words
of wisdom from coffee?
Mary! Mary!
- Mary!
- What?
Will you marry me?
BEEF STEW- EGG WITH FRIED RICE
That must be something.
You're full of nonsense.
Don't say yes
because I'm not ready.
We have no pastor. but we have pares.
Me. I'm ready.
Really?
Ready to punch your face.
Maybe there's nothing wrong
when your heart flutters once in a while.
Tell me where we're going.
I was going to surprise you.
but never mind.
- What is it?
- We're eloping.
Are you being serious?
Why should we wait?
That's where we're headed anyway.
So. let's just elope.
And where are we going?
There.
Is that your house?
- Yes. it is.
- So cute.
- We're here.
- Wow. your house is beautiful.
- Hey. I'm sorry I didn't tidy up.
- I don't mind.
- Mary. have a seat.
- Sure.
I'll just heat some water.
I'll make you coffee.
- Okay?
- Good.
Good.
Wow. this is pretty.
Coffee?
Yeah.
Your medium is coffee. It's beautiful.
- What's wrong?
- It's beautiful. but it has no heart.
That's what my professor said.
He said a lot of people
can paint like that.
But what art needs is heart.
That is what will make your work unique.
That's deep.
It's why I chose you as my model.
Because?
You're my heart.
I got lucky with this house
because my uncle let me stay
while I'm in school.
It's a lovely place.
Thanks.
Of course. thank you as well
for agreeing to elope.
Oh. wow.
What's so funny?
I have a question.
How did you come up
with the idea of using coffee?
My medium used to be watercolor.
Then. one day.
I was drinking coffee.
and it was so hot
that I blew it all over the sketchpad.
It formed an image.
and I was like. "Wow. that's art!"
Nice.
Favorite color?
Really. slam book questions?
Okay.
Favorite song?
-"No Exchange".
- For real?
By Rey Valera?
Me too. That's my favorite.
Don't be surprised
When I am no longer waiting
For anything in exchange
Of the love I have offered
Even though you don't look my way enough
I will give everything to you
Even if you don't notice
So. why is it your favorite?
Because when I first heard it
when we were still kids.
I thought.
is that really how one should love?
Not expecting anything in return?
Then I thought.
maybe true love really is like that.
You should be willing to give
everything you've got
despite the uncertainties
you may have for each other.
Do you think you can really love someone
without expecting anything in return?
Wherever we end up.
trust that I will always
be waiting for you
with no exchange.
Careful.
It's so stunning.
Majestic.
Come on. It's time.
- What's going on?
- Give me your hand.
I always go to this spot at 5 p.m.
I make a wish on that bell.
I ring it three times.
but I need to finish
making the wish before night falls.
So. get on it. Make a wish.
- I'll take a photo.
- Okay.
This is cool.
Is it you?
I wish it finally is you. Joseph.
Your turn. Come over here.
I'll take your picture.
Mary.
Atiklaham.
I know you're not yet ready
to say that you love me.
so. atiklaham.
What's that?
If you say it backwards.
it means I love you.
Atiklaham.
Hey. don't I get an atiklaham?
Ecaf ruoy hcnup lli.
What's that?
I'll punch your face.
Oh. come on.
Oh.
That's my girl.
- Alright.
- Such a gentleman.
Come in.
Hey.
Careful with your hand.
- Ouch!
- Stop it!
- You're so annoying.
- I was joking. Cool.
- Cool my ass.
- Relax.
Hey.
What do you think you're doing?
Helping you.
This is like the scene
from the movie Ghost.
where the ghost is helping
his girlfriend make a claypot.
Joseph.
this is ground beef.
It's going to turn into burgers.
not claypots. okay?
So. get away from me.
You're really like a ghost
because you're terrifying me.
Are you terrified or titillated?
It's the same.
Alright. this is for you. Claypot.
I can't believe it.
All my dreams are finally coming true.
And those dreams are?
This. Burger. Fries.
You feeding me.
You.
Okay.
What is it?
You're moving too fast!
We're not there yet.
Sorry. sorry.
- Okay. alright. alright.
- Alright. alright.
It's your turn.
- No. No.
- Go.
I'm going to close my eyes. Go.
It's your turn. Go. Go ahead.
It's your turn. Don't be shy. Mary.
Go.
I'll stop myself.
You're so cool.
I'm not that easy.
I can't explain it.
It was all a blur.
Everything happened so quickly.
Suddenly. you were a part of my life.
But falling in love is not a choice.
It's an opportunity.
And I don't want to waste it.
You have a lot of photos.
I have something to tell you.
I love you.
Look at this guy.
It's only been a month. Love so soon?
Why not say... What was it you said?
Atiklaham. That's enough.
Listen. Mary.
the first time I saw you
at the pares place.
I loved you right away.
It's true.
Do you believe in soulmates?
I don't know.
People say you will see your soulmate
only once in your entire lifetime.
It may be your family. a distant relative.
a friend. or even a lover.
When they show up.
don't let them go.
Because there's a strong chance
they're never coming back.
Well. some people also say that.
in your entire lifetime.
you will fall in love only three times.
Oh? That I don't believe.
- Oh?
- Don't believe in that kind of crap.
Fine. How many girlfriends have you had?
Oh. come on. Nice question.
Okay. let me count.
You won't finish counting if you include
all your invisible girlfriends.
It's because you're the only one
that I ever took seriously.
Okay.
if I'm the first that you took seriously.
then good luck
on the second and the third.
You are the first.
the second. and the third.
Remember this. Mary.
You are the first
and the last that I will ever love.
If you love them.
you chase after them.
You fight for them.
It's the same.
Ouch.
- It's the same.
- Hey. why are you tearing up?
You're getting a crush on me
even though we're already a couple.
Coffee?
Coffee.
BEEF STEW- EGG WITH FRIED RICE
Is this really how one should love?
You're ready to give everything
without expecting anything in return?
You'll take your chance at this other
person without knowing if you'll win?
What I'm feeling is more
than thrill. nerve. and fear combined.
But I'm ready.
I'm ready for you. Joseph.
Miss Mary. Sir Joseph said to go this way.
- Where is he?
- How would I know?
Mary. if I ever fall in love three times.
you're still the one I will choose.
Nothing compares to you.
You are the only one.
Only you and I are meant for each other.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Joseph?
Stop the car. I'll drive.
Come on. Stop the car.
Joseph!
- I'm fine here.
- Be careful. Look!
Burger one. burger two.
Oh. Mary. I love you.
Joseph?
Hey!
Joseph!
Joseph?
Any news on Joseph?
His uncle sent a message.
He finally woke up this morning.
That's good. Then. why aren't you there?
Every day. for a week. you were there.
Now that he's conscious.
you don't want to go?
Of course I do. but...
So. how is he?
He has a broken arm and a broken leg.
But it'll heal soon enough.
But his uncle said
Joseph was acting weird when he woke up.
And there were things
he could not remember.
Ah.
Are you scared?
Of what?
That he won't remember you?
Go to him. I'll take care of the shop.
Go on.
Joseph Carino's room. please?
Room 28.
Mary.
Uncle. how is Joseph doing?
He's okay. I'll leave you to it.
Has he been given his 2 p.m. medication?
Hey! How are you?
Joseph.
You're the one I should be asking.
I'm okay.
It's a good thing I'm still alive.
It's a miracle.
I have some broken limbs.
but they said I'll be fine
in just a few months.
But I'm okay.
I brought you a burger.
I cooked that myself.
Thank you. You shouldn't have.
Why didn't you just buy one?
Because it's for you.
I know my burger is your favorite.
Is that true?
Yes. and my favorite is your french fries.
even though it's just fried potatoes.
Fried?
Potatoes?
I cooked for you?
Joseph. do you remember me?
Of course.
Mary.
Well. the doctor said
there are some things
that I won't remember.
It could be permanent
or not.
Like. right now.
I can remember who you are.
You don't remember this?
This move?
No.
- What's that?
- Coffee!
You make delicious coffee.
You're the one who taught me how.
- Really?
- First. you grind the beans here.
then. you put them here.
add water.
You're the one who taught me
how to make the perfect coffee.
Do you remember our favorite song?
No.
The one that goes...
And even if the time doesn't come
That you learn to love me back
You don't remember the painting?
Are you getting tired?
Not really.
The picture?
Just do not stop me
From loving you
You don't remember atiklaham? Me?
Atiklaham.
I'm flirting with you. Isn't it obvious?
You don't remember us?
Us?
We're friends. right?
I remember that.
Why?
Is there something I'm not remembering?
Is there more?
You told me you will never forget me.
You remember me but not us.
You've forgotten what we had.
You've forgotten your heart.
Mary.
I have something to show you.
Auntie. I have some good news.
We're finally opening
our second branch in Manila.
And if that becomes successful.
- the rest will follow.
- You closed the deal?
- Yeah.
- Very good indeed.
Wait. because it might slip my mind.
My friend. who just came home from Paris.
she brought all this stuff.
I saw this magazine.
Of course. I couldn't understand
what it's saying.
Where is it?
There. I thought he looked familiar.
Isn't that whatshisface?
What was his name again?
- He used to help out in our shop.
-Joseph.
- That's him. right?
-Five years.
I tried to forget you.
Did you have to give me a sign now?
I flew to you.
I searched for you.
I just wanted to see you.
Hoping you would still
remember what we had.
Who are you really?
- Mary.
- Oh. okay.
I'm Jojo.
It's a spitting image.
But I still failed.
Marie. stop following me.
Bye.
I planned to leave you alone.
But why does it feel like
fate is playing with us?
Oh. Marie.
Joseph.
Why did we have to meet again?
You said when you love someone.
fight for them.
That night. I made a decision
not to give up on you.
I didn't know if it was right.
All I know is.
I'm not wasting this chance.
Maybe this time.
our feelings will be a perfect fit.
Oh!
What happened?
I saw this song.
What song?
That's Rey Valera. He's my favorite.
This is my favorite song.
What's up?
I love you. Marie.
Ever since.
I've always loved you. Joseph.
Look at me again. even briefly.
Just for a few seconds. Joseph.
One year. Marie. One year.
It's like your painting is talking to me.
It's telling me to look away
from my problems.
I'm proud of you.
It dawned on me. Those horses there
have been running for years.
Running around. chasing one another.
To save them from misery. I set them free.
You're a classic. You're so funny.
You're crazy.
Let's just drink.
I'll get the snacks.
Sure.
Let me get some of
my early works. I'll show you.
Put them in your next exhibit.
Good idea.
Can you please give this to him?
I'm moving on.
I'm setting him free.
It's hard to force someone to love me.
MARY. I WILL ALWAYS CHOOSE YOU
THERE IS NO ONE LIKE YOU
Marie.
Joseph.
I like you.
- Atiklaham.
- Atiklaham?
If you say it backwards.
it means I love you.
Marie.
It took one year before everything
came rushing back.
Marie.
Mary.
I even calculated it.
I'm so poor at math.
Our story has taken more than seven years.
I remember everything now.
All of it.
At last. we meet again.
At last.
I still love you.
I still choose you.
Now. I can return all the love
you gave me.
That's no longer what I need.
Maybe it's better
if we don't bring back our memories.
Maybe it's better if we accept
that we aren't meant for each other.
Mary.
Marie.
Maybe this is what they call
fated but not destined.
Even though fate toyed with us.
I'm still grateful for that time.
I will forever choose you.
Thank you. my heart.
Joseph.
Jojo.
I still believe
that we are destined for each other.
It might take many seconds.
minutes. days. weeks. months. or years.
we might say goodbye over and over
and hello over and over.
but I know that one day.
fate will give us another chance.
Persistence of Memory.
Yes. Salvador...
Dali.
Memory. time.
but it's really just about
melting Camembert cheese.
Mary?
Joseph.
- How are you?
What are you doing here?
I bought something downstairs.
saw this flier.
and now. I'm here.
You're really here.
Let's go.
Coffee?
Let's go. Coffee.
It's been a while.
Two years.
I almost didn't recognize you.
You look different. Your hair's different.
You know. when poverty hits.
You look different too.
It's the same.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
NOTHING LIKE PARIS